#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements_test.txt requirements_test.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   kombu
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
async-property==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keycloak
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   flower
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.6.0
    # via pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   jwcrypto
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keycloak
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
django==4.2.14
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-celery-beat==2.6.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-simple-history==3.7.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
faker==26.0.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keycloak
humanize==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements_test.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keycloak
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
msal==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
multidict==6.0.5
    # via yarl
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   deprecation
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.27.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal
pyproject-api==1.7.1
    # via tox
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   python-crontab
python-keycloak==4.2.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   vcrpy
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-core
    #   msal
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   python-keycloak
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keycloak
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flower
tox==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   jwcrypto
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
vcrpy==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.7.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.9.4
    # via vcrpy
